ingredient number one a very warm very
wonderful story about a boy a girl and a
very special kind of problem did you
hear what I said miss cube leak I
absolutely adore you shut up and deal
ingredient number two a brilliant cast
Jack Lemmon in a delightful role which
gives full rein to Jack's amazing
versatility Shirley MacLaine whose
glowing warmth lights up the screen like
a Christmas tree Fred MacMurray this is
a Fred MacMurray you've never seen
before you know you see a girl a couple
of times a week just for a laugh some by
the way they think you're gonna divorce
your wife is that fair no sir it's very
unfair especially be your wife yeah
ingredient number three Billy Wilder
there's nothing quite like that Billy
Wilder some like it hot kind of laughter
you know just come as you are
hey you're pretty good with that rap
yeah you should see my back end will you
see me serve the meatballs
build-it he's at it again
you